stimulate				ˈstɪmjuleɪt  ˈstɪmjuleɪt
trivial					ˈtrɪviəl  ˈtrɪviəl
tuition					tjuˈɪʃ(ə)n  tuˈɪʃ(ə)n
ethic					ˈeθɪk  ˈeθɪk
ethical					ˈeθɪk(ə)l  ˈeθɪk(ə)l
infrastructure				ˈɪnfrəstrʌktʃə(r)  ˈɪnfrəstrʌktʃər
particle				ˈpɑːtɪk(ə)l  ˈpɑːrtɪk(ə)l
rational				ˈræʃ(ə)nəl  ˈræʃ(ə)nəl
ration					ˈræʃ(ə)n  ˈræʃ(ə)n
resort					rɪˈzɔːt  rɪˈzɔːrt
rival					ˈraɪv(ə)l  ˈraɪv(ə)l
shrink					ʃrɪŋk  ʃrɪŋk
sophisticate				səˈfɪstɪkət  səˈfɪstɪkət
sustain					səˈsteɪn  səˈsteɪn
thrive					θraɪv  θraɪv
appliance				əˈplaɪəns  əˈplaɪəns
breed					briːd  briːd
combat					ˈkɒmbæt  ˈkɑːmbæt
commission
corps					kɔː(r)  kɔːr
disorder				dɪsˈɔːdə(r)  dɪsˈɔːrdər
dispute
inflate
deflate
inner
procedure
span
tragedy
diplomat
dolphin
crack
entitle
entity
episode
eclipse
fascinate
genius
gravity
initiative
initate
luxury
keen
mechanic
mill
nerve
occasion
outlet
plunge
refugee
refuge
renovate
spite
steer
sting
surgery
surgeron
tackle
transaction
transact
tunnel
venture
vessel
bullet
colony
compel
convict
conviction
cruise
devil
donkey
emit
evil
excel
fancy
gamble
garble


emission
diploma
diplomatic
reside
resident
colonize
colonist
compelling